1. General Requirements:
1.1 This is a IC-Card payment system. The system is based on C/S structure, it contains a database server, several targets, & a lot of terminals.
1.2 The Database Server is a web based Python server, it transfers the XML data sheets with targets through network.
1.3 A Target(Tiny4412) is a rich client, it is used to register & charge IC-Card, and inquire the IC-Card information.
    A target can swap data with the server and the terminals which are connected to itself (through CAN, USB, NETWORK).
1.4 A Terminal is a thin client, people can only pay the bill through IC-Card with it.
    A terminal can only swap the data with the target it connect with (through CAN, USB, NETWORK), it can NOT be connected to the server directly.
1.5 IC-Card: registering, charging (CreditCard) and inquiry with Target; billing with Terminal. 


2. Billing Part
2.1 Billing requirements
a. Clients can only pay bill with IC-Card through the terminal.
b. Clinets input the bill amount on the terminal and confirm the amount themselves.
c. The Terminal should verify the IC-Card Validity & Balance Sufficiency before each payment.
d. The Terminal should print a receipt for every successful payment.

2.2 Billing solution
When a client wants to pay the bill, he/she can do it on the terminal himself. 
Stage 1. Bill Amount confirmation:
Step 1. The terminal shows a welcome screen, and asks the client to input the bill amount.
Step 2. The client inputs the bill amount and press "OK"(by keyboard or touchscreen).
Step 3. The terminal gets the bill amout, then displays the Bill Amount Confirmation screen for client to confirm.
- If the client press "OK", then go to step4, when press "Cancle", go back to step 1.

Stage 2. IC-Card Validity Verification & Balance Check
Step 4. The terminal displays a screen to let the client punch his/her IC-Card.
Step 5. The client punches his/her IC-Card, the terminal sends the IC-Card info. & the Bill Amount to Target(Tiny4412) for validity verification & balance check. The Target replies the result.
Step 6. 
Step 6.1 If the validity verification result is negative, the terminal shows an IC-Card error message, then goes back to Step 4.
Step 6.2 If the validity verification result is positive, the terminal shows an IC-Card Accepted windows.
Step 7. (based on step 6.2)
Step 7.1 If the Bill Amount check result is negative, the terminal shows a Balance Un-sufficient and Bill Payment Failure window.
Step 7.2 If the Bill Amount check result is positive, the terminal shows a Bill Payment Success windows.

Stage 3. Print
Step 8. (based on step 7.1) 
The terminal displays a screen to ask whether a Failure Notice is required.
- If the client press "OK", then the terminal print a Failure Notice & go to step 1; for "Cancle", go back to step 1 without printing.
Step 9. (based on step 7.2)
The terminal displays a screen to ask whether a Payment Receipt is required.
- If the client press "OK", then the terminal print a Payment Receipt & go to step 1; for "Cancle", go back to step 1 without printing.

---Version 1---Jul08,2014---By Joe---

